I created this project using a virtual environment (venv) in Visual Studio Code, so it will likely be best to download the files and run them from there. Once the files are downloaded, you may need to set up a virtual environment. I would recommend following this tutorial on running Flask apps from the VS Code documentation: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/tutorial-flask. You will be able to tell when your virtual environment is set up by the terminal prompt that reads "(venv) bash-3.2$" at the bottom of your terminal. 
Once you have your virtual environment set up, go to the debug menu, which is the fourth button from the top in the left menu bar, and press the little green play button at the top. Be sure not to press the play button in the top-right corner if you have opened one of the Python files, as this will not run the application. Trying to run a live server in the bottom right corner of your IDE will not work, either. After you've pressed the debug play button from the left-hand menu, you should see the server starting in the terminal. Follow the server link with "CMD + click".
Should you need to restart the server, you can press the green loop button in the debug controls bar that pops up in the IDE when you start the server. You can also refresh the server by pressing "CMD + Shift + R" in the web browser.
Once you are on the home page, you will see a button that says "Get Started". This will take you to the Reed Trouble-Shooter, the main feature of this application. Press this and you will be redirected to a form with several checkboxes. Click on some of these (you may not actually have a bassoon reed to fix) and press "Submit" to see recommendations on how to fix your reed. If you check no boxes, nothing will change. 
Once you check a box or two and submit the form, a recommendation will appear that includes the problem you're having, the a tip for resolving it, the necessary tools for the step, and a graphic that shows where on the reed you should be working. Two buttons will also appear, which you can click on to give feedback as to whether that recommendation helped you fix your reed. If it did, the JavaScript takes you to a recommendation for the next problem you checked. If the recommendation did not help, it takes you to the next solution for the problem you're having.
Unfortunately, I encountered a bug in which the JavaScript DOM always reverts back to its original state once the script finishes running, so clicking on one of the feedback buttons will cycle you quickly to the next recommendation and then immediately back to a blank form. I was sadly unable to resolve this before the project deadline.